docs: clarify payouts are held, not paused, during review (#12126)
polarsource/polar: docs/merchant-of-record/account-reviews.mdx

We continuously monitor all transactions across our platform to proactively prevent fraud, and we run asynchronous reviews of accounts at certain sales thresholds. Most of these reviews don't require any additional information from you.

> You can always request a [payout](/features/finance/payouts). A request made during a review shows as "Held" for a few days, then pays out automatically. Your customers are unaffected: new purchases keep going through, and existing subscriptions renew as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can always request a [payout](/features/finance/payouts). A request made while your organization is under review shows as "Held" until approval, then is paid out automatically. Your customers are unaffected: new purchases keep going through, and existing subscriptions renew as usual.
```
